everybody in today's weekly video I'm
going to be talking about the rumored
Apple watch Apple supposed to be
releasing a SmartWatch or smart i watch
however you want to say it's going to be
an iOS based smartwatch and it's going
to have a curved glass design which is
flexible Gorilla Glass i'll be showing
you pictures through the video of
mock-ups so hopefully that helps you out
it's not going to be released anytime
soon rumors have been out since 2011 so
we shall see because it could be
released sooner because of that Foxconn
and Apple have been in talks according
to The Wall Street Journal and New York
Times about making wearable devices
power efficient so maybe that means that
Apple is going to be releasing the watch
there's going to be possibly a chance
that's coming out if you think about it
because the ipod nano old generations
were used as watch and Apple added watch
faces to that but then they redesign the
Nano so does this mean a new watch is
coming we're not sure but definitely
people are looking to wear their iPods
and technology more so watch would
definitely be feasible I'm not sure how
much I would do with a watch though
tablets if you think about it though
tablets or somewhere nobody thought they
were going to use them and and now I use
one pretty much everyone has one or uses
it and Apple can definitely make the
watch so that would be awesome but what
I would be wondering about the watch
would be what would it be doing besides
the phone besides things that like my
phone could do we'll have to see about
that but hopefully they integrate iOS
iCloud Siri but it definitely we need to
be standalone so it will be interesting
to see what they can do with it what
will make it different is really what's
the most important thing again you can
see like what it would look like
possibly through these mock-ups that i'm
showing throughout the video and a good
price point would definitely be
necessary it would need to fill the gap
for watch as well as other electronic
things so it could be the first
electronic wash but my question to you
guys would be would you get it would you
be interested in the apple while i watch
what would you be looking for would you
be looking for iOS integration apple
integration just let me know yeah
overall I think I'd be interesting and
I'm looking forward to it i'll have a
video up when it is released or when
more information out about it so stay
tuned for that and be sure to follow me
on twitter facebook google+ my vlogs and
my website all in the description and
thank you for supporting me be sure to
read thumbs up and subscribe again
if you liked the video subscribe
subscribe subscribe and I will catch you
in the next video stay tuned for more
info guys hopefully you enjoyed this
weekly video peace